hello to all the culinary professionals with you gooks rage and
today we are going to cook
pie I never cooked this pie
so they promise to honestly say how he is
will taste like it will
will he like not on the site where
I first met this recipe said
that the cake is very tasty and I usually
sour cream sweet and sour it
just an incredible combination
we will prepare and check the tidy
hair and we start so us
need flour
sour apples 3 eggs sour cream
vanillin baking powder but also in white
saucepan me is sugar and more
we need butter but
now she lies in my freezer
because it must be rubbed very
cold hard and so are you preparing dough
I quickly rub the oil on the package
baking powder and mix the oil with
flour add 100 grams of vanilla sour cream
package add 2 eggs now add
sugar
the dough is very soft soft and
tender straight as butter I will put it in
fridge somewhere for an hour and I'll do it
stuffing now i will cook the stuffing
I lay out the remaining sour cream
one of his put two tablespoons
flour add the floor package bani on and
sugar 200 grams
we i didn't even wait for the pie
cool i was so interesting
try it out so now it's
made
nature reminds me of baby food
here it is here apple sauce with cream on
cookies
I will now make this pie more often
never baked on this recipe
the way this is so tender so weak
vanilla sour cream filling sour
apples
and dough, as always, balde and by the way
It rose considerably but have said
It seems like a good if you liked
recipe subscribe to my channel
put me a thumbs up on this i'm leaving
gulsen will be with mono going over the mountain
Control on beauty books